Stdlib modulemd updates (#18915)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang: stdlib/grpc/src/main/ballerina/src/grpc/Module.md

#### Bidirectional Streaming
The client and server send multiple requests and responses.

### Ballerina code generator tool

> Using below command to generate stub and sample code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the below command to generate stub and sample code.
```
